Hi, everyone.
In this lecture, we are going to go ahead and implement the dynamic element of this for.
All right, so first off, what I'm going to do is I'm going to grab the element that we want to work
with, and that is only there are only two elements which are actually the same element.
They are the labels.
So we are just going to grab the labels.
I'm going to say document that query selector all because there are two elements that I want to grab
that have a that are inside the form control and they elements.
Name is label.
I want to grab both of them.
So we have successfully selected them.
And in here what I'm going to say because they are, they are two.
I'm going to.
Levels, it's not levels.
It's labor, right, labor.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to loop over both of them.
All right.
And whenever each one of them is grabbed or is selected or when or to be exact, whenever we click inside
the input I want I want I want something to happen.
All right.
So this is a for each and in here it says we need to pass a callback function.
Right.
And for the callback function, we also need to pass in a label which is the for which is the for loop
or which is the loop variable.
Right now in here, what I'm going to do is I'm going to say label dot enriched html, label dot enter
HTML should be equal to label dot.
And are text.
All right, darte splett, now we are going to play this flight method, so we are going to grab the
the HDMI element, which for the label and we are going to grab the text within that HDMI element.
All right.
And we are going to split it.
What do we want to split it and we want to split it at like just an empty string.
So we want to whenever you provide an empty string inside the split, it is going to split it at each
and each specific letter or character, because whenever we click on this.
Every character goes to top one by one, right?
So that's why we are going to split it at that and we are going to say, man, now this is the new thing
that we we use here.
And for what we are going to do is we are going to use an arrow function.
I know we haven't specifically started working on the arrow function, but we can work with them now
using them in these projects like in like for a few times, it is going to allow you to allow your eyes
to get familiarized with the syntax for error functions.
They are way easier than regular functions that we use regular function declarations or regular functions
with the function keyword.
But error functions.
They have their place whenever we get to them and whenever we cover them in our projects, we are going
to go over that.
Right.
So as with this, the for each loop for the map, we also need to pass on a callback function and in
here it says calls a defined callback function on each element of an array.
So we have selected both our labels and both of them are presented to us inside an array.
All right.
So now this constant, it gives us an array.
So let me bring that Intellisense one more time.
You can learn Web development by just working in the Vaskov.
That's how cool this code is.
And it says Codes calls a defined callback function callback function is the function which is passed
inside another function.
This map is a function.
It is called a method.
Methods are functions in JavaScript.
Right.
So on each element of an array.
So whenever we pass in this function and here it is going to work, it is going to be defined on each
element of this array.
And this array has two elements the first label and the second level, and returns an array that contains
the results.
This is what we want, the map method.
So what does the map method do?
The map method creates a new array populated with the results of calling a provided function on every
element in the calling array.
That was the specification.
I got that text from Emdin.
But you have to get familiarized with these terminologies if you want to become like a supreme developer,
right.
And it basically says it is going to create a new aura.
And the items within that new array are going to come from the function that is defined inside this
method.
All right.
And where where does this where does the function get the items it is going to grab it from the array
that the function calls.
So it's super simple, super simple like that.
So I'm just going to give you a map here.
So the map is going to call a function.
OK, I should avoid using this syntax because this is the syntax for the error, for the error functions.
So the map calls a defined function.
I'm just going to say define and the defined function.
Is going to call defined Arae, right, and then what happens then defined function.
Grabs items from the defined array and then what happens then the map creates a new array with those
items.
I mean, this is like some sort of right over the top, but I'm going to keep it here, OK, because
this is really cool.
This map is actually a higher order function.
All right.
We have talked about the first version of higher order functions, but after these intermediate beginner
to intermediate projects are done, we are going to talk about higher order functions, version two
as well.
We are going to cover higher order functions as well.
We're going to take a look at the map function like, again, whenever we are done with these intermediate
projects.
All right, so in here, what I'm going to do is I'm going to create the syntax for a regular arrow
function.
So this is the syntax for a regular error function.
So I'm just going to do this.
So inside these parentheses, you provide parameters.
Think of this arrow as the as the name suggests, arrow function.
But this is like the function key word that we have instead of that this is called in here.
And whenever I hover over it, it says function.
So think of this arrow as the function key word that we have written here like this.
And this is the curly braces where the function calculates something some because we just have one line
so I can very safely go ahead and get rid of this curly brace.
So in here, what do I want?
We are going to use our back takes because for creating elements to dynamically, the best thing that
we can use is template strings, of course.
So in here, what I want to use, I want to create an element dynamically and the car, the content
for the element, there are going to be the latter.
All right.
So we are going to have a letter there.
Not a word.
It's a letter.
Right.
And now let's close this, provide the closing tag for this element.
And and let's save it.
All right.
So we have created.
Now, this is a letter.
Let's pass it inside here as a parameter.
And we are going to pass it as an index, as a parameter as well in here.
All right.
So let's say that that's come here.
And let's let's take a look at this.
Now, this is what we get.
So now because we have a split at the empty string, it splits it.
And whenever I click there, it goes to top.
So click away, click.
So I can go ahead and say Muslim, one, two, three, whatever.
At what ever so you can go ahead and say this, so whenever you click away, it is going to stay.
But of course, this is not something that we want this comment.
So we should get rid of them so that we can see that this label has been splintered apart.
That's where this comes come from.
So after the element is done, after we have created the span and the span is basically this.
So where where is this fan, you might ask?
This person is each individual letter in here?
So each individual letter is actually our span.
Right.
So now we have like we have split it.
We have split the lot.
What is the past tense for that?
We have I'm just going to call it we have split at it.
Right.
So we have split the label.
Now, whenever the label goes to top, we want to join it again.
So we are going to call the joint method, which I'm pretty sure we have covered it.
It adds all the elements of an array separated by the specified separate strain.
So what is this separate string?
It's an empty string.
It is going to join them back together.
So now let's go ahead and let's take a look at that.
But it still doesn't work, and what is the reason for that, because we have split it at the empty
string, we have to join them at the empty string as well.
So now if I click, it goes to top it.
If I click, it goes straight up.
Now, another key component is missing, and that is this like one word going to top each like each
word each summer, each letter or character goes to top one by one.
So we still miss we are still missing that.
Not a lot, of course.
But what I'm going to do is inside this element, I'm going to show you another method of writing inline
cyesis so you can write in line says inside this dynamic element as well.
So in here, what I'm going to do is I'm just going to provide a transition delay because we do have
a transition with the Kubic.
Busier, busier.
That is the proper pronunciation.
I think we have a cubic visitor here and we don't have any transition.
And you might ask, OK, why don't you provide the transition delay in here?
Because if I provide the transition delay here, it is going to be applied for the entire span.
But I want it to be applied for each letter.
Keep in mind, this is an each letter.
So for each letter we are going to specify a transition delay.
Right.
So the transition delay, we should make sure that the syntax is accurate for inline styling and we
are not misspelling anything.
So we are going to say transition, delay.
And now this is the cool part.
We are going to add this transition delay dynamically.
So for for that to happen, we are going to grab our index.
And we are going to multiply it by.
Fifty milliseconds.
And in here, I'm just going to add milliseconds so it is clear that these are milliseconds.
So let's go ahead and let's zoom out of it and let's decrease this so we can get everything on one line.
And it is understandable.
All right.
So we have applied a style transition delay and the value comes dynamically from the index.
So when the index is zero, we are not going to have any transition delay because index zero is time
is going to be times 50 milliseconds.
So zero times 50, zero times anything is going to be zero.
But when the index is one, which means that now we are talking about the second character, the M in
the email, the it is going to have 50 milliseconds of delay.
And when the index is two, we are going to have 100 milliseconds of delay for the A character inside
this label and the same thing happens here and so on and so forth.
So let's say that let's click here.
Voila, this is our effect.
So this is going to be for this project and for this chapter.
See you guys in the next one.